---
layout: post
title: "Seeking: Cute Boy I Met in Line at the COVID Test Tent"
author: Sam Blanc
date:	2020-10-10
excerpt: "I watched him the whole 20 minutes we were in line. He was checking his phone. His fingers caressed the screen so delicately. I wished, as I watched, that I was his phone. *Run your fingers up and down me, I wanted to say. Double tap right there. Treat me like your instagram feed.* But I couldn’t say anything because my mouth was full of spit."
image: /assets/mystery_man.png
---
Good students of UIUC, I need your help. I am on a mission to find the love of my life. I do not know his name. He has tousled brown hair, the most beautiful blue eyes, and his COVID test days are Tuesday and Friday.

I first saw him on Friday at the Frat Park tent. I wanted so desperately to ask his name in line, but I had already started accumulating spit in my mouth in preparation for the test.

I watched him the whole 20 minutes we were in line. He was checking his phone. His fingers caressed the screen so delicately. I wished, as I watched, that I was his phone. *Run your fingers up and down me, I wanted to say. Double tap right there. Treat me like your instagram feed.* But I couldn’t say anything because my mouth was full of spit.

We were ushered to opposite sides of the tent--tragic, I know--but we made eye contact, like, 3 times while spitting in our tubes and it was sexy as hell. The sun glinted off the saliva on his chin like a priceless gemstone. He looked so cute holding his tube up, seeing if he had filled it all the way to the line.

I was done waay before him. Some girls might judge him for that, but I think it’s sweet that he takes his time. And who doesn’t love a guy who takes a long time to finish. 

I wonder if he knows that the reason I filled my spit tube so fast was because I was drooling over him: his lips, his jaw, the sprigs of chest hair that peeked out from the neckline of his unbuttoned Vineyard Vines polo shirt.

I put my spit tube on the rack, first checking that my name and information was correct. I wondered if his name and information was correct. I wondered if our names and informations would look cute together on a wedding invitation.

I waited for him just outside the tent, pretending to tie my shoe for 6 minutes. When he walked out I was gonna be all like, “I only had to spit twice to fill my tube,” and he’d be like, “Cool,” and I’d be like, “You should come over and I can help you with your form,” and he’d be like, “Totally.”

It was going to be perfect, like a Nicholas Sparks movie.

But when he got to the front of the line, the woman said he hadn’t filled up the tube enough! That bitch! And just like that he was walking away from me, and I was already getting weird looks from people for taking 6 minutes to “tie my shoe.” I had to depart.

So now I’m begging you, good students of UIUC. If you know something, if you can help, if you believe in the power of love, HMU. I’ll meet you by the COVID Tent at Frat Park on Tuesday or Friday.

Sincerely,
Smitten and Spittin’

