---
layout: post 
title: Republican Senator Steals Ballots, Taunts Postal Workers in Attempt to Further Stall Election
author: Sam Blanc
date: 2020-11-06
image: /assets/lindsey.png
---
As the ballot count continues and votes trickle in at the same lingering pace as a sea anemone with a Xanax addiction, the election is looking increasingly dire for Republicans. 

However, as the president has refused to accept even the possibility of defeat, his party has rallied behind him in drawing out the events of the election.

“We are men of principle,” said Republican senator Jim Inhofe, “And we stand by those principles: namely, the principle of making every political process as slow and painful as possible for everyone involved.

In the spirit of drawing out inevitable defeat, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham took another step early this morning when he stole a box of ballots from a local post office.

“Neiner neiner neiner,” he was quoted as saying while the post office employees chased him around the mailroom--chased being a favorable way to describe the sort of angry, elderly scuffling they did around the single, ballot-covered table. Eventually, after a pursuit that seemed half Charlie Chaplain movie and half Life Alert® Commercial, Graham was cornered.

But instead of conceding, Graham instead reached out, pulled the pants of one post office employee to the ground, and ran off again.

“He makes me embarrassed to be a government employee,” the worker said as he waddled to the door, pants still around his ankles, to watch Graham flee. The Senator hoisted his stolen ballots above his head as he ran through oncoming traffic, dodging a barrage of braking, honking cars.

“Only the good die young,” Graham yelled, “so I’m going to live forever!”

