---
layout:	post
title:	"Ask Alma"
author:	Sam Blanc
date:	2020-02-23
excerpt: "Dear Alma, It's me, the Red Lion. I've been having a really tough semester..."
image:	/assets/almakeepsitreal.jpg
---
Dear Alma,

It’s me, the Red Lion. I’ve been having a really tough semester. See, I have this friend--or should I say had. To keep it anonymous, we’ll call him...let’s see...Kameron. Anyway, so Kameron and I were friends for years. We shared so much. We shared purpose, we knew a lot of the same people, we both smelled like fast food vomit and alcohol used as a maladaptive coping mechanism. But it really seems like Kameron has changed since Winter Break. Don’t get me wrong, he looks great. Probably started taking yoga or did a juice cleanse--some #NewYearNewMe shit. It just feels like he’s in a whole new place now, you know? And even though he’s closer to me on Green Street, I’ve never felt so far from him. And I’m happy for him, I am, but it just feels like I lost a friend. His floors aren’t even that sticky any more! Sticky floors were our thing! I miss the days when it was just us. Lion and KAM’s, waging war against the adequate-smelling, responsible-decision-making world. Even charging gullible freshmen $20 cover doesn’t make me feel better. Nowadays I can be surrounded by all my favorite people--drunk frat guys who can’t aim in the bathroom, girls trying to get wasted without having to touch literally anything in the bar, the ferryman who takes my river of beer as a detour to the Styx as he carries damned souls to the underworld--and yet I feel so alone. I just want my shabby, smelly, sticky friend back.

What should I do?

Sincerely,

Red Lion.
