---
layout: post
title: Professor revokes camera-on policy after having to look into students’ cold dead eyes.
author: Sam Blanc
date: 2020-11-19
image: /assets/zoom.png
---
Nearly a quarter of the way through the year, CS Professor Rohit Varma was frustrated with his students keeping their cameras off during lectures.

“It was getting ridiculous,” he said. “I got so used to lecturing at a grid of silent, tiny, black squares that I started asking my bathroom tiles if they had done the homework for today.”

One of Varma’s students, Brian Zopipopilous confirms this fact: “Yeah...one time I accidentally typed “eating cheetos ASMR” into the Zoom chat instead of Youtube and the professor thanked me for participating.”

Varma first appealed to the administration, but was told the Chancellor was “balls deep in one of his Campus Massmail Writing frenzies” and would not be reachable for several days to lend aid. 

So professor Varma acted on his own, creating a strict camera-on policy. He announced this to his classes as all University of Illinois announcements are distributed: in 4 separate emails, each approximately as long and convoluted as a James Joyce novel.

But on the first day of class with this new policy, things quickly went awry. As students joined the lecture one by one, more and more pairs of heavy, bloodshot eyes flashing onto the screen, Varma started mumbling to himself.

“I didn’t know eyes could hold so much pain” he said--or at least that’s what one student, Laura Stippen, thought he said. He was muted at the time.

“Then he said something about the future being hopeless, and God being unfeeling, and the world being a cruel, cruel place, then something about...parachute pants...I think. My lip reading skills aren’t that great,” Stippen admitted.

The professor continued to become more and more physically distraught.

“We didn’t know what was going on at first,” said Jamal Clarke, another of the students in Varma’s CS 398 class. “But then he unmuted himself and we realized he was freaking the fuck out.”

“HOLY SHIT! IN THE NAME OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND HOLY! TURN THEM OFF! TURN THEM BACK OFF!” The professor said. They were the only words he could get out before he collapsed, spasming on the floor.

Despite the setback, the professor is expected to make a full recovery and has already started classes again, lecturing from his hospital suite in between large spoonfuls of hospital-provided pudding cups.

Students’ feelings about the occurrence have been mixed.

“I’m glad we don’t have to have our cameras on anymore,” said sophomore Patricia Li, “but I wish he’d hit his head just a little bit harder so we would’ve gotten a few more days off of class.”

“I’m just glad he records all his lectures,” said another student, Danielle McKay. “I put him writhing around on the floor to “Boss Bitch” by Doja Cat and it has like almost 300k likes on TikTok.”
